EMQX Management README (#10292)
emqx/emqx: apps/emqx_management/README.md

# EMQX Management

EMQX Management offers various interfaces for administrators to interact with
the system, either by a remote console attached to a running node, a CLI (i.e.
`./emqx ctl`), or through its rich CRUD-style REST API (mostly used by EMQX'
dashboard). The system enables administrators to modify both cluster and
individual node configurations, and provides the ability to view and reset
different statistics and metrics.

## Functionality

Amongst others it allows to manage

* Alarms
* API Keys
* Banned clients, users or hosts
* Clients (and sessions) including their topic subscriptions
* Configurations
* Manage plugins

> * Fixed subscriptions

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed subscriptions
* Topics
```

# EMQX Management

EMQX Management offers various interfaces for administrators to interact with
the system, either by a remote console attached to a running node, a CLI (i.e.
`./emqx ctl`), or through its rich CRUD-style REST API (mostly used by EMQX'
dashboard). The system enables administrators to modify both cluster and
individual node configurations, and provides the ability to view and reset
different statistics and metrics.

## Functionality

Amongst others it allows to manage

> * alarms,
> * API Keys,
> * banned clients, users or hosts,
> * connected clients including their topic subscriptions,
> * cluster configurations,
> * configuration of MQTT listeners,
> * node configuration,
> * custom plugins,
> * fixed subscriptions,
> * and topics.

Reviewer: Not sure what's `and topics`.

```suggestion
* Alarms
* API Keys
* Banned clients, users or hosts
* Clients (and sessions) including their topic subscriptions
* Configurations
* Manage plugins
* Fixed subscriptions
```

Author: That you can manage `topics`.

> Moreover it lets you

Reviewer: wonder what makes an item listed above or below .

Author: You don't manage "metrics" for instance. And I thought it just makes it easier to read when you mix things up a bit.

* modify hot and non-hot updatable configuration values,
* publish messages, as well as bulk messages,
* create trace files,
* and last but not least monitor system status.

## Implementation Notes

> API endpoints are implemented using the `minirest` framework in combination with
> `hoconsc` and `emqx_dashboard_swagger`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API endpoints are implemented using the `minirest` framework in combination with
HOCON schema and OpenAPI 3.0 specifications.
```
